docs: explain how to make grafana datasource plugin work with api key (#50)
pyroscope-io/docs: docs/grafana-plugins.mdx

For example:
![query variables](/img/docs/grafana-plugins/variables.png)

## Using authentication
:::note
This functionality is available starting from 
* pyroscope version 0.10.0
* datasource plugin version 1.1.3

Make sure to upgrade before you use this.
:::

> If your pyroscope instance uses authentication, it's likely that the grafana datasource plugin won't have access
> to the pyroscope instance. Therefore an **API KEY** must be created and configured for the datasource to use it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have user authentication enabled in the pyroscope server, you will also need to created an API key (`ReadOnly` role is sufficient) and specify it in the datasource configuration:
```
